Introduction

Betting on horse racing should never be considered a matter of chance, much can be done to eliminate the element of luck. A player who doesn't have a plan and just casually bets will always lose.
Bookmakers consistently make profits because they are organized and run their bets as a business, and so should you. You can always choose which races to take part in - the bookmaker cannot, this is the biggest advantage when you bet on horse racing. Use this to maximize profits and bet only when everything is on your side.
This free report won't turn you into a profitable player overnight, but it will equip you with the knowledge you need. There are 10 essential factors that successful players need to adhere to when making bets, practice them every day, and over time you will stop making them.
Learn how to play by the method and win.


1. You have to be ready, "have a plan"


"Without preparation, you will fail before you start."

I cannot stress enough how important it is to be prepared. Without a decent plan, you won't have any blueprint or rules to stick to or follow. Trial and error can be a very expensive and painful experience, which I definitely would not recommend to you.
In order to be successful in everything, you definitely need to have a good plan worked out before you start, and in which there is guaranteed not a single mistake. Racing is no different from any other type of investment. Being prepared and following a good plan means knowing which type of race gives the best and most consistent results, which type of methods and systems to use in these races, and
which betting plan works best.

All races are created differently ...
You definitely shouldn't bet in 80% of them. Most of them do not lend themselves to rational form and analysis and give very contradictory results. However, betting on the remaining 20% will give you a much better chance of success. After all, this is how the most successful trainers regularly get winners by placing the best horses in races in which they have a very good chance of winning.
If you want to make consistent profits from participating in races, you must be prepared, and have at hand all the necessary tools and information that you need.

2. Patience.


"It takes a lot of patience to become a successful player"

We've all heard the saying patience is strength, and that probably applies to horse racing more than most other things in life. Believe me when I say you need to be patient.
Most players have very little of it and think that they can place a few lucky bets every week to win a lot of money and do it with small amounts.
It is very unlikely that they will win on a regular basis and losses will be largely secured. You can expect to consistently win a bet only if you have done your homework and follow a proven plan. The list of classic mistakes includes betting on too many horses, betting on the wrong race, or in a combination of silly bets such as TOTE, YANKEE, SCOOP 6 and PLACE POT, etc.
There are very few real chances of winning these types of bets and bookmakers know this.
This is the mania of blockheads-players who can win a few hundred with a small amount once every couple of years if they are super lucky. Let's face reality - the odds are largely on the side of the bookmakers.
The only bet that bookmakers do not advertise is a single bet, but why do you ask?
One bet on a carefully selected right horse in the right race will be successful most often if done correctly, and in these cases our bookmaker friends do not like such bets.

This is the type of bet where they lose more money.

Look at the results at the end of any race day and you will see quite a few favorites, selected at reasonable prices, who won their individual races. Therefore, if you want to make a choice in favor of long-term profits from participating in races, do not mess with stupid betting combinations.

"Remember, being patient and waiting for the right race before you decide to place a bet requires a lot of discipline. Trust me, it's definitely worth it, because you'll start making a profit almost immediately."


3. You have to be consistent.

Most professional players continue to lose on a regular basis because they are not emotionally prepared and do not follow even the most basic rules of the game. In order to be consistent on betting, you must follow a proven system. Even following the system does not exclude accidental losses.
Losing a bet is an inevitable part of horse racing. Even a very good system will have occasional losses in the long run.
Systems rarely remain profitable all year round, as there are simply too many random factors in horse racing that can affect their performance. However, the systems offer us the best way to make consistent profits, and any loss will eventually be followed by a win.
Once you understand this, consistent and consistent winnings will always be there.
Most players do not use the system for a long time, and start to change something and do not make a permanent profit. Very often they refuse to use the system after several losses.
Eventually, they revert back to their old silly behavior of messing around.
Players who follow a proven system, on the contrary, are informed, prepared and have past experience of betting patterns. They know that any losses in the long run will not affect the long-term earning of money. This is the same as any other investment, such as the stock market, they rise one month, they may go down a little the next, but they are good in the long run if managed properly.
The dynamics of long-term investments are not what you expect, and even bookmakers are losing money. You should have a "positive expectation" which means that sometimes you can lose, but in general, from following a proven system, you should expect profits that outweigh your losses.
Learn to think in the context of a "positive expectation" and with a good plan you will succeed in the long run. We only need to make about 4% to 5% profit per week, which can mean up to 20% "+" per month, multiply this by 12 and you are potentially looking at 200% ROI (return of investment) per year. All successful enterprises operate on the principles of compound interest
The richest investors on the planet collect their capital by investing money. Getting from 4% to 5% ROI is much more than any bank will ever pay you. Thus, it is important to keep your expectations realistic, focused and achievable. If you want instant wealth, forget horse racing and buy a lottery ticket. Whereas the chances of actually winning the grand prize are 13,000,000


4. Greed leads to defeat.

Most players are greedy, this greed overshadows their point of view on what kind of return can really be expected from a bet. They practically do not spend time in the selection process, and falsely and self-confidently compensate for the lack of knowledge, clogging up the decision-making process. They either bet at high odds, hoping that they will shoot mainly because of their obsession with money, or simply do not see that these bets really have no chance of success from the point of view of any logic.
Their obsession with money means they look no further than a 15/1 bet shot giving them 75 pounds of their 5-pound investment, or looking for a dead sure thing that can't lose.
You should be positive in your decision to place a bet, but don't be greedy! Expect to win in the long run only if you follow a good plan and show discipline all the time. Greed will lead to failure and destroy any money that you have earned. More importantly, it can damage your faith in success that you had.
Players who lose on a regular basis always try to recover their money lost on bets at any convenient opportunity. This insane action usually leads to the loss of even larger amounts. Irrational behavior of this kind can be easily changed if you follow simple logic and common sense.
What they fail to understand is that tomorrow is a new day and horse racing takes place seven days a week in the UK. There will be many more opportunities to benefit, but not necessarily on the same day. Patience, observation and planning will restore the winning streak sooner or later.
In reality, bad luck, as such, does not exist, as studies conducted among self-made millionaires show. In one of these studies, the most successful people were asked why they were so lucky, and almost all of them gave the best definition of luck...
"Preparedness finds a convenient opportunity"
Have the patience to master the skill properly - increase your profits gradually, and increase your bets only after you have gained confidence in your abilities and reached a high level of skill.

Summing up greed
Do not behave carelessly and do not chase losses. If you do this, you will seriously damage your bank or completely drain it. Be careful if on some days, after you have placed all bets, you still incur losses. Look at this as a temporary phenomenon on the way to your long-term profit, stop and leave before the next day. Professional players can only find three or four bets per week in some cases, but these will be really very reliable bets.
